Title
"21st International Conference on Information Fusion, FUSION 2018, Cambridge, UK, July 10-13, 2018."
Cubature and Quadrature Based Continuous-Discrete Filters for Maneuvering Target Tracking.
Three-dimensional Tracking with Angle Measurements Without Observer Maneuver.
Single-Point Bistatic Track Initialization Using Doppler in 3D.
Multitarget Tracking Using Over-the-Horizon Radar.
A Novel Variable Structure Multi-Model Tracking Algorithm Based on Error-Ambiguity Decomposition.
Ensemble Kalman Filtering for Online Gaussian Process Regression and Learning.
Sparse Structure Enabled Grid Spectral Mixture Kernel for Temporal Gaussian Process Regression.
A Gaussian Process Regression for Natural Gas Consumption Prediction Based on Time Series Data.
A Gaussian Process Regression Approach for Fusion of Remote Sensing Images for Oil Spill Segmentation.
Distributed Kalman Filter for A Class of Nonlinear Uncertain Systems: An Extended State Method.
Event-Triggered Consensus Bernoulli Filtering.
Distributed Observations in Meteorological Ensemble Data Assimilation and Forecasting.
Analysis of Partial Knowledge of Correlations in an Estimation Fusion Problem.
New Theory and Numerical Results for Gromov's Method for Stochastic Particle Flow Filters.
Comparison of Gain Function Approximation Methods in the Feedback Particle Filter.
Reduced Order Nonlinear Filters for Multi-Scale Systems with Correlated Sensor Noise.
MCMC Smoothing for Generalized Random Tour Particle Filters.
Posterior Cramér-Rao Bound for Target Tracking in the Presence of Multipath.
A General Class of Bayesian Lower Bounds Tighter than the Weiss-Weinstein Family.
Bound on the Estimation of a 3-D Trajectory from a Stationary Passive Sensor and its Attainability.
"Bobrovsky-Zakai Bound for Filtering, Prediction and Smoothing of Nonlinear Dynamic Systems."
Multivariate Bayesian Cramér-Rao-Type Bound for Stochastic Filtering Involving Periodic States.
Multi-Scan Generalized Labeled Multi-Bernoulli Filter.
Handling of Multiple Measurement Hypotheses in an Efficient Labeled Multi-Bernoulli Filter.
A new Cardinalized Probability Hypothesis Density Filter with Efficient Track Continuity and Extraction.
A Variational Bayesian Labeled Multi-Bernoulli Filter for Tracking with Inverse Wishart Distribution.
Identifying Interactions for Information Fusion System Design Using Machine Learning Techniques.
Application of a New Distribution to High Grazing Angle Sea-Clutter.
Motion Artefacts Modelling in the Application of a Wireless Electrocardiogram.
On Effect of Information Loss on Fuser Quality and Utility.
State Estimation with a Heading Constraint.
Non-Bayesian Track-Before-Detect Using Cauchy-Schwarz Divergence-Based Information Fusion.
Track-Before-Detect Strategies for Multiple-PRF Radar System with Range and Doppler Ambiguities.
Convex Combination for Source Localization Using Received Signal Strength Measurements.
A Crowd-Sensing Procrustes-Based Method for Indoor Positioning in a Common Frame of Reference.
Passive Multi-Target Tracking Using the Adaptive Birth Intensity PHD Filter.
Robust Bayesian Filtering Using Bayesian Model Averaging and Restricted Variational Bayes.
A Novel Robust Rauch-Tung-Striebel Smoother Based on Slash and Generalized Hyperbolic Skew Student's T-Distributions.
A Fast Numerical Method for the Optimal Data Fusion in the Presence of Unknown Correlations.
Fusion of GPS/OSM/DEM Data by Particle Filtering for Vehicle Attitude Estimation.
Source Location with Quantized Sensor Data Corrupted by False Information.
"MINI-DASS (Mission-Informed Needed Information - Discoverable, Available Information.. .... A Unique Information-Based Approach to Maximizing the Utility of ISR Assets and the ""Magic Rabbits"" that Your Mother was Afraid to Tell You About."
Trust Estimation of Sources Over Correlated Propositions.
Deep Generative Acoustic Models for Real-Time Sonar Systems.
Open-Book Testing and Multi-Label Deep Generative Models.
Bottle Detection in the Wild Using Low-Altitude Unmanned Aerial Vehicles.
A Priori Independence for Deep Generative Models.
Forty Years of Multiple Hypothesis Tracking - A Review of Key Developments.
Seeing the Forest Through the Trees: Multiple-Hypothesis Tracking and Graph-Based Tracking Extensions.
Radar Resource Management for Multiple Hypothesis Tracking.
An MHT Approach to Multi-Sensor Passive Sonar Tracking.
Probabilistic Fusion Framework for Collaborative Robots 3D Mapping.
Real-Time Creation of a Target Situation Picture with the Hensoldt Passive Radar System.
On Defense Strategies for Recursive System of Systems Using Aggregated Correlations.
Subjective Logic Based Score Level Fusion: Combining Faces and Fingerprints.
Multiple Target Tracking in Automotive FCM Radar by Multi-Bernoulli Filter with Elimination of Other Targets.
Situation Awareness in Telecommunication Networks Using Topic Modeling.
A Sensor Fault-Resilient Framework for Predictive Emission Monitoring Systems.
Learning Capsules for Vehicle Logo Recognition.
American Sign Language Posture Understanding with Deep Neural Networks.
The Neighbor Course Distribution Method with Gaussian Mixture Models for AIS-Based Vessel Trajectory Prediction.
A Parallel Platform for Fusion of Heterogeneous Stream Data.
Model-Based Heterogeneous Optimal Space Constellation Design.
Entropy-Based Intention Change Detection with a Multi-Hypotheses Filter.
Prediction of Rendezvous in Maritime Situational Awareness.
Extending Deng Entropy to the Open World in the Evidence Theory.
Provenance Across Evidence Combination in Theory of Belief Functions.
Efficient Computing of Dempster-Shafer Theoretic Conditionals for Big Hard/Soft Data Fusion.
Magnitude Design of FIR Evidence Filters with Prescribed Transition Rolloff Using Bisection and ICMEE.
Uncertain Pattern Classification Based on Evidence Fusion in Different Domains.
Application of URREF Criteria to Assess Knowledge Representation in Cyber Threat Models.
Towards the Rational Development and Evaluation of Complex Fusion Systems: A URREF-Driven Approach.
Latent Variable Bayesian Networks Constructed Using Structural Equation Modelling.
Directional Statistics with the Spherical Normal Distribution.
Nonlinear Progressive Filtering for SE(2) Estimation.
Numerical Calculation of the Fisher-Bingham Integral by the Holonomic Gradient Method.
A New Estimation Methodology for Standard Directional Distributions.
From Wirtinger to Fisher Information Inequalities on Spheres and Rotation Groups.
Ship Classification Using Deep Learning Techniques for Maritime Target Tracking.
Identifying Agile Waveforms with Neural Networks.
Machine Learning: Defining Worldwide Cyclone Labels for Training.
A Multi-User Multi-Task Model For Stress Monitoring From Wearable Sensors.
PDAFAI with an Neural Network Acoustic Emulator.
Robust Gyroscope-Aided Camera Self-Calibration.
Inertial Sensor Array Processing with Motion Models.
Magnetic Odometry - A Model-Based Approach Using a Sensor Array.
A Method for Lower Back Motion Assessment Using Wearable 6D Inertial Sensors.
A Policy System for Control of Data Fusion Processes and Derived Data.
Distributed Machine Learning in Coalition Environments: Overview of Techniques.
Security Issues for Distributed Fusion in Coalition Environments.
Why the Failure? How Adversarial Examples Can Provide Insights for Interpretable Machine Learning.
Remote State Estimation with Data-Driven Communication and Guaranteed Stability.
Efficient Resource Management for Phased Array Radar Based on the Estimation of Target's Maneuvering Parameters.
Simplified Desirability Level Metrics for Estimation Performance Evaluation.
Training Instance Random Sampling Based Evidential Classification Forest Algorithms.
Multisensor Data Fusion Using Equation Checking and Fuzzy Rules.
A Fuzzy Approach for Detecting and Defending Against Spoofing Attacks on Low Interaction Honeypots.
Fast Multi-Coil Parallel MR Imaging Based on a Combination of the Optimum Interpolation Approximation and Compressed Sensing.
Person Recognition Based on Micro-Doppler and Thermal Infrared Camera Fusion for Firefighting.
Color Image Segmentation Based on Evidence Theory and Two-Dimensional Histogram.
Object Tracking via Deep Multi-View Compressive Model for Visible and Infrared Sequences.
Success Rates and Posterior Probabilities in Multiple Hypothesis Tracking.
On Anti-symmetry in Multiple Target Tracking.
Conditions for MHT to be an Exact Bayesian Solution to the Multiple Target Tracking Problem.
Fusing Bearing-Only Measurements with and Without Propagation Delays Using Particle Trajectories.
Physics-Based and Human-Derived Information Fusion Video Activity Analysis.
Convolutional Neural Networks for Aerial Multi-Label Pedestrian Detection.
Learning the Parameters of Spatially-Referring Natural Language Likelihoods in Binary Models.
2CoBei: An Efficient Belief Function Extension for Two-Dimensional Continuous Spaces.
Total Belief Theorem and Generalized Bayes' Theorem.
Credibilistic Independence of Two Propositions.
Motion State Classification for Automotive LIDAR Based on Evidential Grid Maps and Transferable Belief Model.
Weak in the NEES?: Auto-Tuning Kalman Filters with Bayesian Optimization.
On Constraints in Parameter Estimation and Model Misspecification.
Robust MIMO Channel Estimation from Incomplete and Corrupted Measurements.
Particle Gaussian Mixture Filters-II.
A Novel Gaussian Mixture Approximation for Nonlinear Estimation.
An Optimal Node Depth Adjustment Method with Computation-Efficiency for Target Tracking in UWSNs.
Efficient Factor Graph Fusion for Multi-Robot Mapping and Beyond.
Distributed Evidential EM Algorithm for Gaussian Mixtures in Sensor Network with Uncertain Data.
Controlled Sentiment Sampling for Information Fusion in Social Networks.
Semi-Supervised Soft Label Propagation Based on Mass Function for Community Detection.
Maritime Anomaly Detection Based on Mean-Reverting Stochastic Processes Applied to a Real-World Scenario.
Hybrid Bernoulli Filtering for Detection and Tracking of Anomalous Path Deviations.
Short Term Traffic Flow Prediction with Particle Methods in the Presence of Sparse Data.
Correlation of Gaussian Mixture Tracks.
Multi-Sensor Multi-Object Tracking with Different Fields-of-View Using the LMB Filter.
Iterated Extended Kalman Filter with Implicit Measurement Equation and Nonlinear Constraints for Information-Based Georeferencing.
Multi-Sensor Fusion for Obstacle Detection and Recognition: A Belief-Based Approach.
Fast Kernel Density Estimation Using Gaussian Filter Approximation.
Non-linear Estimation with Generalised Compressed Kalman Filter.
A Linear-Complexity Second-Order Multi-Object Filter via Factorial Cumulants.
Alternative EM Algorithms for Nonlinear State-Space Models.
Fusion of Dependent Detection Systems Using Copula Theory.
Evidential Object Association Using Heterogeneous Sensor Data.
Tracking Multiple Maneuvering Targets Using Integer Programming and Spline Interpolation.
Non-Elliptical Validation Gate for Maritime Target Tracking.
Filtering When Object Custody is Ambiguous.
Fusion Methodologies for Orbit Determination with Distributed Sensor Networks.
Autonomous Multi-Phenomenology Space Domain Sensor Tasking and Adaptive Estimation.
"Space Situational Awareness Sensor Tasking: A Comparison Between Step-Scan Tasking and Dynamic, Real-Time Tasking."
Continuous-Discrete von Mises-Fisher Filtering on S2 for Reference Vector Tracking.
Scalable Magnetic Field SLAM in 3D Using Gaussian Process Maps.
Proof of Concept Tests on Cooperative Tactical Pedestrian Indoor Navigation.
Gaussian Processes for RSS Fingerprints Construction in Indoor Localization.
Polymorphic Information Exchange Model for the purpose of Multi-level Fusion of Hard and Soft Information.
Context-Based Goal-Driven Reasoning for Improved Target Tracking.
Conflict Management for Bayesian and DST Multi-Sensor Occupancy Grid Mapping.
High-Level Tracking Using Bayesian Context Fusion.
Multipath Generalized Labeled Multi-Bernoulli Filter.
Trajectory probability hypothesis density filter.
Receding Horizon Estimation for Multi-Target Tracking via Random Finite Set Approach.
Distinguishing Wanted and Unwanted Targets Using Point Processes.
GMPHD Based Multi-Scan Clutter Sparsity Estimation.
Joint Registration of Multiple Point Sets by Preserving Global and Local Structure.
Joint Tracking and Registration in Multi-Target Multi-Sensor Surveillance Using Factor Graphs.
On Universal Sensor Registration.
Accurate Registration of Multitemporal UAV Images Based on Detection of Major Changes.
MIMO Through-Wall-Radar Spotlight Imaging Based on Arithmetic Image Fusion.
Multi-Camera Matching of Spatio-Temporal Binary Features.
Unscented Information Consensus Filter for Maneuvering Target Tracking Based on Interacting Multiple Model.
Energy-Efficient Decision Fusion for Distributed Detection in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Distributed RGBD Camera Network for 3D Human Pose Estimation and Action Recognition.
