Title
"Proceedings of the 2018 ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces, ISS 2018, Tokyo, Japan, November 25-28, 2018."
The City Is My Homescreen.
City and Architecture as Media.
Welcome OnBoard: An Interactive Large Surface Designed for Teamwork and Flexibility in Surgical Flow Management.
Increasing Passersby Engagement with Public Large Interactive Displays: A Study of Proxemics and Conation.
Sage River Disaster Information (SageRDI): Demonstrating Application Data Sharing In SAGE2.
Post-meeting Curation of Whiteboard Content Captured with Mobile Devices.
Browsing Group First-Person Videos with 3D Visualization.
EagleView: A Video Analysis Tool for Visualising and Querying Spatial Interactions of People and Devices.
Velt: A Framework for Multi RGB-D Camera Systems.
Hands-Free Remote Collaboration Over Video: Exploring Viewer and Streamer Reactions.
Replicating User-defined Gestures for Text Editing.
How Memorizing Positions or Directions Affects Gesture Learning?
"How to Hold Your Phone When Tapping: A Comparative Study of Performance, Precision, and Errors."
Risk Effects of Surrounding Distractors Imposing Time Penalty in Touch-Pointing Tasks.
Optimal-T9: An Optimized T9-like Keyboard for Small Touchscreen Devices.
DiaQwerty: QWERTY Variants to Better Utilize the Screen Area of a Round or Square Smartwatch.
Design and Evaluation of Semi-Transparent Keyboards on a Touchscreen Tablet.
A Small Virtual Keyboard is Better for Intermittent Text Entry on a Pen-Equipped Tablet.
FingerInput: Capturing Expressive Single-Hand Thumb-to-Finger Microgestures.
On the Effects of a Nomadic Multisensory Solution for Children's Playful Learning.
The Haptic Video Player: Using Mobile Robots to Create Tangible Video Annotations.
AdapTable: Extending Reach over Large Tabletops through Flexible Multi-Display Configuration.
Scoopirit: A Method of Scooping Mid-Air Images on Water Surface.
Fade-in Pixel: A Selective and Gradual Real-World Pixelization Filter.
Sand to Water: Manipulation of Liquidness Perception with Fluidized Sand and Spatial Augmented Reality.
LeviCursor: Dexterous Interaction with a Levitating Object.
MlioLight: Projector-camera Based Multi-layered Image Overlay System for Multiple Flashlights Interaction.
ColourAIze: AI-Driven Colourisation of Paper Drawings with Interactive Projection System.
Floor-Projected Guidance Cues for Collaborative Exploration of Spatial Augmented Reality Setups.
Awareness Techniques to Aid Transitions between Personal and Shared Workspaces in Multi-Display Environments.
A Study of Material Sonification in Touchscreen Devices.
A Tabletop System Using an OmniDirectional Projector-Camera.
Aligned Functional Paste: Enhancing Handwriting with Retrieval Results on a Large Surface.
An Encounter Type VR System Aimed at Exhibiting Wall Material Samples for Show House.
Body-Prop Interaction: Augmented Open Discs and Egocentric Body-Based Interaction for Exploring Immersive Visualizations.
Cross-Ratio Based Gaze Estimation using Polarization Camera System.
CrosSI: A Novel Workspace with Connected Horizontal and Vertical Interactive Surfaces.
"Define, Refine, and Identify Events in a Bendable Interface."
Designing for Ambient UX: Case Study of a Dynamic Lighting System for a Work Space.
Here's looking at you: A Spherical FTVR Display for Realistic Eye-Contact.
Practice System for Controlling Cutting Pressure for Paper-cutting.
Recognizing Gestures on Projected Button Widgets with an RGB-D Camera Using a CNN.
Simplicity is Not Always Best: Image Preferences in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment.
SmartSurveys: Does Context Influence Whether We'll Share Healthcare Experience Data with our Smartphone?
Traditionally Crafted Digital Interfaces.
An Integral Illumination Device Using Heat-Resistant Hybrid Optics.
AURA: Urban Personal Projection to Initiate the Communication.
Crafting Textiles of the Digital Era.
"Dynamic, Flexible and Multi-dimensional Visualization of Digital Photos and their Metadata."
FlexFace: A Head Gesture Motion Display with Flexible Screen for Telecommunication.
"Handheld Haptic Interface for Rendering Size, Shape, and Stiffness of Virtual Objects."
JackIn Neck: A Neckband Wearable Telepresence System Designed for High Comfortability.
MagicPAPER: Tabletop Interactive Projection Device Based on Kraft Paper.
NiwViw: Immersive Analytics Authoring Tool.
OmniEyeball: An Interactive I/O Device For 360-Degree Video Communication.
Printable Hydroponics: Digital Fabrication of Ecological Systems.
Proposal of a Method of Directing by Pseudo-hologram Using Motion Body and Body Information.
Real Time Animation of 3D Models with Finger Plays and Hand Shadow.
Real-time Visual Feedback for Golf Training Using Virtual Shadow.
Real-Virtual Bridge: Operating Real Smartphones from the Virtual World.
Scalable Autostereoscopic Display for Interaction with Floating Images.
SNS Door Phone as Robotic Process Automation.
SoundPond: Making Sound Visible and Intuitively Manipulable.
Touchable Wall: Easy-to-Install Touch-Operated Large-Screen Projection System.
Ultrasound from Cyber Map: Intuitive Guidance Method using Binaural Parametric Loudspeaker.
Generating Spherical Hyperlapse Videos via Recursive Intelligent Sampling for StratoJump.
Computational Augmented Reality Displays.
Approaching Aesthetics on User Interface and Interaction Design.
